he's in locking alright what have you
got in store for us this time we're
going to do another traditional Irish
dish box T now I this does my head in
because I lost a half a dozen different
relatives and they'll give me a half a
dozen different recipes so I've decided
to go with my own version of this all
right
my mother sorry mom
you know you said no mashed potato in
there but I have a little bit of a
potato let me see I've got to start off
with these lovely Red Rooster potatoes
which I'm going to him and great this is
a coarse grater cheese grater and in
that goes like so right now that potato
is grated I'm going to rinse off the
starch and you've got to now squeeze as
much of the water as you possibly can do
this others think of you want that's as
much water as I'm going to get out of
that in there now this is where my
mother and I differ this does cook
potato and I'm going to add this there's
he was leaning wrong and grow and cook
the taster together I'm going to add
let's see about two of these two
tablespoonfuls of flour
dr. turn away now
what do you save this with a hope never
terribly we've never saved it before
never made it before so yeah well should
I turn now would we drop of oil I'm
gonna put in there well we have this for
breakfast years and years ago my mother
tells me in the days gone by they used
to cook this in louder dripping and the
kids would take this to school for their
lunch how true that is sure if your
mother told you it must be true don't
your own mother and the other thing is
it's great for breakfast right eggs you
know I have some bacon in the fridge
come on eggs you have no breakfast
before you come here today have it no
that's way too compared to that right
let's get off let's do this bit of oil
here reporter
and that's ready for boxing and I think
a nice little bacon okay that's it this
is the Box T I'm going to put that on
and the rules are not too thick so
prominent as a bowl and then I'm going
to squish it down
why are you adding bacon to the bucket
on give a little bit more flavor it's
going to have the bacon taste in it now
yet be honest if you work them out in a
restaurant or a hotel
you wouldn't their bags no but it's
funny me so you don't care yeah bacon
Toxie and fried egg I'll give you two of
those oh you're so generous I'll have to
wait now I don't like I'm cooking Friday
what god you're so you are number
of people that are watching these video
all right we'll make it less speckle
wouldn't want people thinking of the
special way of serving egg fried eggs
pristine varieties doing on his recipe
side he's making speckled egg it's a
novelty
tasty let's finish off
goodbye all this see you next time
thanks Tony okay